plan.md, before:

Greeble

tiny yellow flying robot is dismantled and shoveled into a cavernous trash heap.

you spend the game finding enough body parts to escape and explore a wasteland of greeble trash.

immediately the goal seems to be to find your body parts and get back to above.

making it above, you're dismantled again, cavern explore restarts. -LOSE BUT CONTINUE

you discover that you're not alone, and find a community of other discarded robots -WIN
  score: parts discovered + time

MVP todo:
player movement - in. no polish yet <<--tied to next milestone; start with tiny jump ability, parts improve mobility
collision - works well enough.
room system --drawing works.
  -update
    animated bits per room
    room interactions

drawing walls
key/lock puzzles?
part collection <<---- THIS NEXT!  before diving into the pretty stuff.
win state

gameplay nice-to-haves:
hazards
NPC bots to follow


nuts and bolts:
room based platformer, no scrolling cam.  


graphics ideas:
greeble procedural generation. rooms will be planned, but decoration procedural.


polish ideas:
  meters, lights, oscilliscopes that flash in time with the music
  -webaudio visualizer > sprite drawing

  screenbuffer effects, particles

Commit message:

more rendering reorganizing, improved outline drawing

plan.md, after:

Greeble

tiny yellow flying robot is dismantled and shoveled into a cavernous trash heap.

you spend the game finding enough body parts to escape and explore a wasteland of greeble trash.

immediately the goal seems to be to find your body parts and get back to above.

making it above, you're dismantled again, cavern explore restarts. -LOSE BUT CONTINUE

you discover that you're not alone, and find a community of other discarded robots -WIN
  score: parts discovered + time

MVP todo:
room structure to allow for items
item collection
text help -bottom of screen messages, guide player, hint at story
explore possibilty of PCG world gen; both rooms and world level
player abilities awarded for item collection
win state


item collection
  fuel for thrusters <--our 'coins'
  body parts --power ups.
    ideas:
    jump boosts: jump a bit higher
    auxillery thrusters. -game starts with limited mobility
    eyes. -game starts with limited/monochrome visibility


room system --drawing works.
todo:
  data for background generation
  data for items in the room;
  data for interactive items in the room;

gameplay nice-to-haves:
hazards
NPC bots to follow


nuts and bolts:
room based platformer, no scrolling cam.  


graphics ideas:
greeble procedural generation. rooms will be planned, but decoration procedural.


polish ideas:
  meters, lights, oscilliscopes that flash in time with the music
  -webaudio visualizer > sprite drawing

  screenbuffer effects, particles
